Welcome to learning Python!
This will be your chance to learn python the easy way.
Spoiler: Nothing is Easy, give it your sweat understand it, and you will grow at the end, practice and think like a programmer; be a problem solver


Python Introduction:
    why learn python?
    Well, Python like no other language, is easy it is like you're reading simple plain english just need to know some keywords.
    Python was created by Guido van Rossum in 1991
    Python is used for:
        web development (server-side),
        software development,
        mathematics,
        system scripting
    It is also extremely popular for tech jobs.
    Oh, and yeah of course it is the language you will want to learn if you want to get into Artificial Intelligence.
    Plus, the language is simplified, and is easy for beginners. As I told earlier, things can be achieved with minimum lines of code.



So, ready to learn python?

First we'll need to install Python, and then an IDE.
So visit https://www.python.org/ and then hover on downloads, then it will detect your operating system and then click download there...
after that, set it up according to your preferences.

After that we need an IDE (Integrated Development Environment) which will help us write code blazingly fast ad contains features we will need later.
For ous programmers we have got many options.
I would recommend two IDEs, the choice depends on you now.
Pycharm Community Edition
    Install Pycharm CE for more advanced features, I once used VS code, but then I switched to Jetbrains IDEs.
    If you have a good computer just install pycharm CE and don't worry about it right now.
Visual Studio Code:
    This option is also good, as vs code is really lightweight.
    If you have a low-end computer install this.
    It supports many extensions, so you can even run other languages.
    but if you install jetbrains IDEs you might need to install separate IDEs for languages.
Now the choice depends on you.
After you've done this, please move onto the .first_program.py file, for learning Python.
Remember practice and practice, good luck!